add kpanda-application-backup images (#3585)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/kpanda/user-guide/backup/deployment.md

---
MTPE: FanLin
Date: 2024-01-19
---

# Application Backup

This article explains how to backup applications in DCE 5.0. The demo application used in this tutorial is called __dao-2048__ , which is a stateless workload.

## Prerequisites

> Before backing up a stateless workload, the following prerequisites must be met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before backing up a deployment, the following prerequisites must be met:
```
可以在 kpanda 中全局替换这个词
